bump version and CHANGELOG (#560)
hubastard/nebula: CHANGELOG.md

## Changelog

0.8.7:

> - @mmj-x: Add Upnp/pmp support
> - @mmj-x: Add Ngork support
> - @mmj-x: Add server password support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- @mmjr-x: Add Upnp/pmp support
- @mmjr-x: Add Ngrok support
- @mmjr-x: Add server password support
```

- @PhantomGamers: Add Discord rich presence support
- @PhantomGamers: Fix error when unable to obtain documents folder
- @starfish: Add headless server support
- @starfish: Add player connect/disconnect message (can be disabled in config)

> - @starfish: Fix NRE when loading a gas giant. Fix plaent type mismatch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- @starfish: Fix NRE when loading a gas giant. Fix planet type mismatch caused by older saves.
```
